Feature/30 Add JPA with Flyway (#54)
puzzle/pcts: backend/README.md

We use the ***spotless*** Plugin for formatting the Java code:
https://github.com/diffplug/spotless

## Development
### Dev-Database 
The database can be started via docker
- cd into the root directory of the project
- `cd docker`
- Run `docker compose up`
### Dev-Backend
Make sure to set up the DB first

> #### Console
> You can start the backend via Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Terminal
You can start the backend via your terminal
```

- cd to the project root
- `cd backend`
- `mvn spring-boot:run -Dspring-boot.run.arguments="--spring.profiles.active=dev"`

> 

Reviewer: This somehow got mixed into the formatting chapter.
